Huddle.
You can't form a huddle alone.
You have friends by your side, and when
you look up, your eyes will meet theirs.
The circle has no gaps,
and nobody is the first or last.
It feels good.
You'd want the huddle to last forever.
Ah... I want to make a huddle.
I can already hear the cheers.
Ah, friend, this is where we part ways
I'll go right and you go left,
let's start walking
towards the different futures we dream of
I'm not ashamed of my tears
The days leading up to today
prove we can look back without regrets
Until we meet again someday
Under this sky, believe in each other
as we do our best in distant places
Even though I know I'll have to act tough
I must be the one to say goodbye first, oh
Let's start doing the things
we want to do that we talked about
There's no way I won't feel lonely
in the long days ahead, oh
The wind is blowing, the clouds flowing,
and the first star appears
And I turn my back on the twilight
No matter how many setbacks you may face
You'll never give up on
the dream from that day
Ah, that's why I won't run away either
Even if along the way, I fall into
the chasm between ideals and reality
What am I looking for?
Who do people think about
as they live their lives? Oh
I remember the path I walked
It was so fulfilling
because you were there, oh
The edge of the night sky
is whitening, tomorrow is coming
My friend, where are you now?
Oh, have you seen hope?
Have you gotten what you wished for?
We're so close to our goal
Now let's go back to the place we promised
Even though I know I'll have to act tough
I must be the one to say goodbye first, oh
Let's start doing the things we want to do that we talked about
There's no way I won't feel lonely in the long days ahead, oh
The wind is blowing, the clouds flowing, and the first star appears
And I turn my back on the twilight
The shoulders of friends feel warm.
Meeting the eyes of friends, I feel their kindness.
I run.
I kick.
I rush forward.
Despite that, the huddle feels gentle.
It will always remain round.
Let's form a huddle again someday!
Because the cheers will never end!